Fix Hydra integration example AttributeError (#2822)
wandb/docs: models/integrations/hydra.mdx

## Track hyperparameters

> Hydra uses [omegaconf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default way to interface with configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf dictionary objects are not subclasses of primitive dictionaries, so passing Hydra's `cfg` directly to `wandb.init(config=...)` can lead to unexpected results on the dashboard. Convert `omegaconf.DictConfig` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init()`.

Author: ```suggestion
Hydra uses [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default way to interface with configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf dictionary objects are not subclasses of primitive dictionaries, so passing Hydra's `cfg` directly to `wandb.init(config=...)` can lead to unexpected results on the dashboard. Convert `omegaconf.DictConfig` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init()`.
```

## Track hyperparameters

> Hydra uses [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default way to interface with configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf dictionary objects are not subclasses of primitive dictionaries, so passing Hydra's `cfg` directly to `wandb.init(config=...)` can lead to unexpected results on the dashboard. Convert `omegaconf.DictConfig` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init()`.

Author: ```suggestion
Hydra uses [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default way to interface with configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf config objects (for example, `omegaconf.DictConfig`) are not plain Python `dict` instances, and `run.config` is a read-only property, so `run.config = ...` raises an `AttributeError`. Convert `cfg` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init(config=...)` (or call `run.config.update(...)`).
```

> Hydra uses [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default way to interface with configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf config objects (for example, `omegaconf.DictConfig`) are not plain Python `dict` instances, and `run.config` is a read-only property, so `run.config = ...` raises an `AttributeError`. Convert `cfg` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init(config=...)` (or call `run.config.update(...)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hydra uses [OmegaConf](https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/) as the default interface to handle configuration dictionaries. OmegaConf config objects (for example, `omegaconf.DictConfig`) are not plain Python `dict` instances.

`wandb.Run.config` is a read-only property, which means that `wandb.Run.config = ...` raises an `AttributeError` if you try to pass an OmegaConf config object.  

Convert `cfg` to a plain `dict` with `OmegaConf.to_container()` and pass it to `wandb.init(config=...)` (or call `wandb.Run.config.update(...)`).
```

Reviewer: Added some more context, showed full namespace so that users know which API we are referring to.
